alright hey guys welcome back its meaty
bone back again for another episode of
t-bones cooking now last week I helped
you guys make my delectable dicks and I
know you all love that episode so much
so i made another and now this week
we're making my family recipe of my
salty balls now you're gonna say t-bone
well wait I can't even make your regular
delectable dicks recipe now don't worry
this is very simple don't get your dick
stuck in a blender like you did before
what do you add you guessed it sugar ha
just kidding no sugar seriously no salt
mm-hmm that's just bad for your heart
all right now let's start with the
recipe first you're gonna grab the left
nut you're going to put it right up
there then the right yeah a little left
right now make sure not to drop the nuts
this is very essential since I drop them
a lot and you're not gonna want to do
that so I me I'm just going to put on
this all right there Upsy up drop the
nut I'm just terrible all right so we're
going to do a little different order
make sure you do it in the right order
left right left right and then the shaft
now you're going to see that when I'm
putting on the shaft I actually forget
to put the HM stone sword over the femur
and now you don't have to do this but um
it tastes better I know this from
experience now I'm yeah so we're almost
done here and it's can put on the femur
right on there and then actually i think
i forgot the ancients i'm sure just
because our rug right here actually got
the to the boss too early and we're
gonna begin so uh yeah so I mean Tesla's
just gonna love this I mean oh my God
look at that cheese just around gobbling
the entire thing down it's just like oh
hahaha she's just loving that stuff I
mean look at that she is a pro she's
just going at it I mean she's just
devouring the entire thing I mean just
look at that it's just it's like inhuman
and she she loves those those salts I
mean she lives in water and like salts
our enemy but she's just loving it look
at that Oh God all right yeah but uh
come on she's just I mean look at it all
right so um
hopefully she'll go over something
special for this special treat we gave
from and in return that's right white
bag nice swear to God if see cockle I'm
gonna kill someone i'll see you about
thank the lords alright guys so this
recipe is a family recipe that I'm
sharing with you and you can use it for
your family events you can make up for
your friends even your parents now make
sure you do and she loves them you will
too so yeah I will see you guys next
week can you guess what my dog is
barking if you can put it in the
comments make sure it's funny because
I'll read them